Student Comments
What was valuable about this course? (5)
Filter Comments
The videos that Professor Doboli posts before the labs are extremely helpful as he works through how to complete the problems from the lab. The TA's are a good resource to use when you get stuck as there are a ton of office hours and many have taken the exact same course before. The project at the end of the course although difficult really helps with understanding how to use everything we learned throughout the semester since there is no right way to complete it. It helped me gain a deeper understand of certain topics within the course.
The example code he writes is extremely crucial as for how you should be doing the lab, hws, and exam problems. Whenever he writes code down you should definitely copy it down as you will find yourself copy and pasting that code a lot and refactoring it. How to pester TAs on every single lab question to get a good grade. (In all fairness to the professor he did state in the beginning of the semester that you should be doing that, but I didn't realize he literally meant to do that for every lab and HW problem)
I do like the fact that we have a lab section where you can ask any coding questions to the TAs, especially considering the fact that there are many nuances with the C programming language. The midterm and final were also very fair, which is a great improvement from previous years.
The most valuable about this course is that you learn a lot of basics of C programming and understand the softwares.
Fundamentals of C Programming
What could be improved about this course? (6)
Filter Comments
I think that while I liked the Doboli’s teaching style, it would benefit the students greatly if he included supplementary notes to look over in our own time, mainly due to the fact that the C language is broad and it may be hard to find information online. Jenny Chen did sometimes upload supplementary notes, so I think that that should be extended to all of the lectures. As a sidenote, make sure that as a student, you ask any questions that you may have about the lab exercises, as you will receive a lot of points if you do it wrong (15% on one of my homeworks because I misread what I was supposed to do).
Clearer questions on the lab. More test cases for each coding exercise. Never in a coding class did I need to ask so many questions to one understand each exercise and then make sure that I am solving it the way the professor wants us to on his rubric that is not known to students.' This class is intended for complete beginners with no coding experience. However, from the way he covered the content and the difficulty of the tests I would have borderline failed this course if I came in with no coding experience. chatgpt, youtube, and your TAs are your best friends for this course.
Something that everyone would benefit from would be further instruction on how to use a queue or stack for strings and how to properly use ifdefine. More importantly however would be commented codes for the more difficult lab exercises after labs are due just for students to have as a resource when seeking to improve their understanding.
The course can be improved if the labs are group work instead of just doing exercises by yourself. In addition, the limitation of the functions and methods for each question should be listed on the test paper, so we don't need to spend time asking professor and TA about each question on the exam.
The lab and project description for me felt extremely vague.
Lab activities and projects are at times unclear